feat(config): optionally remove self-hosted config file once read (#22857)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-experimental.md

If set, Renovate will terminate the whole process group of a terminated child process spawned by Renovate.

## `RENOVATE_X_DELETE_CONFIG_FILE`

> If set, Renovate will attempt to remove the self-hosted config file specified via the `RENOVATE_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable. The process running Renovate should have the necessary permissions to delete the config file.

Author: its only one file based on
https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/b52d7255a639235e0e65f05519c3a0ed8bae047a/lib/workers/global/config/parse/file.ts#L36

i also think we should mention that Renovate will only try to delete the config file only if it is specified by `RENOVATE_CONFIG_FILE`. so both env vars should set to enable this functionality.

is there an extra whitespace in line 79 ? or is it intended ?

> If set, Renovate will attempt to remove the self-hosted config file specified via the `RENOVATE_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable. The process running Renovate should have the necessary permissions to delete the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true` Renovate tries to delete the self-hosted config file after reading it.
You can set the config file Renovate should read with the `RENOVATE_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable.

The process that runs Renovate must have the correct permissions to delete the config file.
```

Maybe moving the sentences around so the "If `true`" and "Set the config file Renovate should read" parts are next to each other makes it easier to undertand that both should be enabled?

That extra whitespace was wrong, fixed it in this suggestion. 😄

If set, Renovate will terminate the whole process group of a terminated child process spawned by Renovate.

## `RENOVATE_X_DELETE_CONFIG_FILE`

> If `true` Renovate tries to delete the self-hosted config file after reading it.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we can assume that
